The entry of the planet Uranus to Taurus (where it will be for around 7 years) is particularly important in the chart of the 'new' South Africa. Uranus is currently at 2
degrees of Taurus, right on Mercury in the birth chart and close to the IC (the 4th house cusp, and one of the 4 angles of the chart)). Uranus heads back into Aries
from this 2 degree point, before returning to conjunct Mercury April 2019, hitting the IC in June 2019 at 5 degrees Taurus (possibly a flashpoint, since the angles
are high indicators of events), followed by the Sun at 6 degrees Taurus July through September 2019.

The general election is scheduled for this period in 2019.

From News24 https://www.news24.com/Columnists/MelanieVerwoerd/anc-ispushing-for-early-elections-but-its-not-as-simple-as-that-20180328
"The current term of the National Assembly and provincial legislatures expires on May 7, 2019. In terms of section 49(2) of the Constitution, the president has to
announce an election date which can be no later than 90 days after the 5 year term expires. So the elections can be held as late as beginning of August 2019."

> NOTE: All quoted planet and house descriptions are taken from http://www.skyscript.co.uk/ingresses.html

In the chart of a country, the Sun "represents the Prime Minister, monarch, aristocracy, magistrates, judges and all persons in authority and of distinction,
Cabinet ministers and the like. It also represents public heroes and national champions".

Mercury rules "the literary world, newspapers, publishers, ambassadors, trade and commerce, and the intellectual world. The nation's communication and
telecoms industry. Local transport issues".

Uranus "has a general influence over rioting and outbreaks of political tension. Right-wing political ideas, free-market enterprise, fascism, and the urge towards
individualism. It rules separation, scientific breakthroughs and discoveries, explosions, anarchy and nihilism".

Astrologers combine the WHAT of the planet archetype with WHERE this action
plays out - the houses. South Africa's Mercury rules the 8th house of "Public mortality, death-rate, the kinds of people who die. Death duties. Financial relations with foreign countries",
and the 5th house, signifying "... all places of amusement, entertainment and pleasure. The birth-rate, children, sexual concerns. Sports, speculation, gambling.
Some consider that it is connected with 'high society' and formal social functions." 

Currently then, traditional and social media is ablaze with angst at all ends of a spectrum with regards a land issue, but there is also a story going on about
sexual abuse by leaders of the old South Africa. This Uranus action is playing out close to the cusp of the 4th house. Skyscript describes matters of the 4th house
as follows: "Land, the owners of it and the workers on it. The crops and produce of the land. Mines, buildings. The people as contrasted with the monarch; the
democracy as contrasted with the aristocracy; the opposition in Parliament. A planet close to the cusp of this house may influence the weather according to its
nature. A malefic in this house may afflict the government through its opposition to the 10th House." These are mere sampling of keywords of the actors at play in
this scenario, but the correlation is clear. This is what we're dealing with. When Uranus reaches the nation's 'Sun', it will once again turn retrograde (at 6 degrees
of Taurus in September 2019), revisiting the current issues till it turns direct again in February 2020, to head back over Mercury, the IC, and the Sun. The 'action' in
terms of the matters associated with Mercury, the 8th and 5th house, and the 4th house, and the Sun, continues until at least February 2021. We are likely to be
'shaken and stirred' by Uranus. In a natal chart, one might advise the client that change is coming, most likely 'out of the blue', but to watch the signs, prepare as
best as possible, and see where they could ride it out (as you swim WITH the current in a riptide). The Sun in this chart rules the 7th house of also "foreign
affairs; relations with other countries, whether friendly or hostile, political or commercial". We could speculate, that whatever occurs out of this event, that we
have terrible or great outcomes with regard our standing in the international community. I hope our leaders know how to sail this ship in the storm we're
heading into. I hope they know where the path leads, but I doubt it. What about us? The 1st house represents "the country and its inhabitants as a whole; its
general condition of prosperity and health or the reverse." The nation's birth chart shows us by nature concerned with 2nd house matters of "national wealth, the
exchequer, revenue, and all places and activities concerned with money making, such as banks, the Stock Exchange, financial institutions, money markets and
trade." And in this regard that we are around midway through a period of general (and in no way minor!) uncertainty in such matters with the planet Neptune
making it's slow way through this area of the chart. Skyscript has this description for the topics of Neptune, which rules "rules socialism, communism and left-wing
political ideas (its urge is towards collectivism) ... it is linked with mobs, secret plots, sedition, fraud and swindling, all illicit undertakings, bogus companies, loss
and vice." Here in South Africa, we just call it 'corruption'.

The current configuration of Saturn's aspect to Uranus indicates the slippery path (requiring careful navigation) for the elderly, land-owners, farmers, mines, coal
and industries connected to metals and minerals, and the possibility of (sudden) events pertaining to epidemics, state funerals, public sorrow, and disappointment.

Steven Forrest's article on Uranus in Taurus is a good overview (albeit from a US/world point of view) of the general trend of Uranus in Taurus, providing a really
useful historical context, and pointing out that 'revolution' does not always mean 'collapse'. It is worth a read https://www.forrestastrology.com/blogs/astrology/what-will-uranus-in-taurus-bring

Important! These views are mine, based on a brief analysis of a commonly accepted birth chart for the nation of South Africa.

Update: August 12, 2018 at 2:05 PM 
For the chart of South Africa posted yesterday, positive side is that we are in a Jupiter return year! That is good protection. And Jupiter will reach the Moon
(people) in that highest place (10th house), and conjunct Pluto there too. Others have predicted the ANC will split - now wouldn’t that be an ironic unanticipated
consequence. I do wonder whether we are not lurched from crisis to crisis as a wonderful distraction. After all, who is talking about Zuma and ‘pay back the money’ now? Or the made up rhetoric of WMC. We are all distracted, our
attention has been called away. We the people are certainly at a disadvantage in this nation.
this nation.
