I attended a local AirBnB experience with my homeschooled son last night, called 'Stargazing with an astrophysicist'.
The host describes in her experience that she can talk about, among other things, 'astrology'. Somehow I missed that in the description, but was not surprised by her
introduction to the evening, when she launched into a typical skeptics dismissal: how can all people be explained by 12 signs, which are not even based on an
accurate constellation (her evidence being a brief visit to astrology.com or some such website), ending with simply, astrologers are liars. All of this left me so
embarrassed, especially in front of my son, who is well aware of my love for this subject, yet aware that it would not help matters to respond or question her
knowledge of the subject, which was clearly, none. I did however feel I should leave an honest review, calling out her baseless 'public'
dismissal of my subject:

"This was an informative and interesting experience and one I highly recommend. Unfortunately, in the description for this experience, Catherine says she can talk
about astrology and African starlore. As a long term student and practicing astrologer, attending this talk with my 14 year old son, I have to say Catherine
cannot talk about astrology as she knows absolutely nothing about the subject. She dismissed astrology simply as lies, with references to the most basic and
high-level skeptic arguments against my subject. Astrologers are quite aware of the tropical and sidereal zodiac, secondly, no astrologer divides all people into just
twelve categories (and no scholar would look for 'evidence' to a pop astrology website), third, constellations are used as placeholders in our study and nothing
more. She was a little more respectful when dismissing the Dogon tribe's relationship with the dog star, Sirius, a subject she also has no real knowledge of.
Catherine, I loved your presentation, and felt no need to disrespect you or other attendees to question your actual knowledge of a subject I have studied, although
I have no PHD in my subject (but know many who do); yet it was an interesting lesson and talking point with my son afterwards, about people with socially
accepted knowledge labels dismissing as invalid phenomenon, matters they have never studied."

The reason I left a public comment was simply so that anyone else who might attend this experience may at least be forewarned that her dismissal of astrology
is not based on her own studies or experience, and should not be taken as fact Ofcourse I came home and immediately searched the Astrology Podcast episodes
to re-listen to episodes discussing the science / skeptics vs Astrology matter. I found the one discussing Sam Reynold's appearance on Bill Nye's show. I think
there were others. I hope my son grows up in a world where we are no longer 'burned at the stake' by scientists and others so richly rewarded by the current job market and
academia. I hope for a world where astrologers can be gainfully employed in HR, medicine, childhood development, and educational psychology. Many of our
human endeavors will benefit from including astrologers. I work in a software company and would love to provide an elected date for software releases, for
example. Or, I see young people leaving school under pressure to choose lifelong careers when this is the first time they are free to explore! And I want to say, let’s
take a look at the astrology to see what will serve you best.

If you want to learn more about astrology I highly recommend Chris Brennan’s work at The Astrology Podcast, and if you like it, consider becoming a patron.
